##Intuition##
To choose these board features, we played a couple of games against a computer.

**Intuition behind Board Features**
1. Feature 1: This feature counts the number of X's in the corner positions of the board
2. Feature 2: This feature counts the number of O's in the corner positions of the board

Intuition behind Features 1 & 2:
When choosing a position on the board, picking the corners of the board may be an optimal decision. For example, If we were to pick a corner position on an empty board, we could now try to win in three different ways. This is not the case for other non-corner positions (excluding the center).

3. Feature 3: This feature tells us if X is in the center position; The feature's value is 1 if X is in the center, 0 if the center is empty, and -1 if O is in the center 
4. Feature 4: This feature tells us if O is in the center position; The feature's value is 1 if O is in the center, 0 if the center is empty, and -1 if X is in the center 

Intuition behind Features 3 & 4:
Once we played a couple of games together, we noticed that the center position provided the most number of opportunities to win for a player. If either X or O was placed in the center, then they have 4 ways to win. This is not the case for other positions (the only position that comes close is the corner position).

5. Feature 5: This feature counts the number of rows in the board that contain two X's and no O's
6. Feature 6: This feature counts the number of rows in the board that contain two O's and no X's

Intuition behind Features 5 & 6:
These features are important because they highlight winning opportunities for a player. For example, if there are two X’s in one row and no O’s, then the player knows that there is an empty space where they have a chance of winning.

7. Feature 7: This feature counts the number of rows in the board that contain three X's 
8. Feature 8: This feature counts the number of rows in the board that contain three O's 

Intuition behind Features 7 & 8: These features determine the winner of the board. If we encountered a row that contained either three X’s or three O’s, then the winner has been determined.


9. Feature 9: This feature counts the number of columns in the board that contain two X's and no O's
10. Feature 10: This feature counts the number of columns in the board that contain two O's and no X's

Intuition behind Features 9 & 10:
These features are important because they highlight winning opportunities for a player. For example, if there are two X’s in one column and no O’s, then the player knows that there is an empty space where they have a chance of winning.

11. Feature 11: This feature counts the number of columns in the board that contain three X's
12. Feature 12: This feature counts the number of columns in the board that contain three O's

Intuition behind Features 11 & 12:
These features determine the winner of the board. If we encountered a column that contained either three X’s or three O’s, then the winner has been determined.

Intuition behind fixed evaluation function:


For our opponent, we set its symbol as ‘O’. Hence, we set the weights of the evaluation function as:

w0 = 0.3
w1 = -10, since w1 dictates the number of corner positions with X’s, this weight is negative since it potentially may hurt the opponent’s chances of winning
w2 = 10, since w2 dictates the number of corners positions with O’s, this weight is positive since it could potentially increase the opponent’s chances of winning
w3 = -10, since w3 indicates if X occupies the center position, this weight is negative since it potentially may hurt the opponent’s chances of winning
w4 = 10, since w4 indicates if O occupies the center position, this weight is positive since it could potentially increase the opponent’s chances of winning
w5 = -10, since w5 dictates the number of rows with two X’s, this weight is negative since it potentially may hurt the opponent’s chances of winning
w6 = 10, since w6 dictates the number of rows with two O’s, this weight is positive since it could potentially increase the opponent’s chances of winning
w7 = -10, since w7 dictates the number of rows with three X’s, this weight is negative since it would hurt the opponent’s chances of winning
w8 = 10, since w7 dictates the number of rows with three O’s, this weight is positive since it would increase the opponent’s chances of winning
w9 = -10, since w9 dictates the number of columns with two X’s, this weight is negative since it potentially may hurt the opponent’s chances of winning
w10 = 10, since w10 dictates the number of columns with two O’s, this weight is positive since it could potentially increase the opponent’s chances of winning

w11 = -10, since w11 dictates the number of rows with three X’s, this weight is negative since it would hurt the opponent’s chances of winning
w12 = 10, since w11 dictates the number of rows with three O’s, this weight is positive since it would increase the opponent’s chances of winning






